---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## Research results check in pt. 2 ##

I've pulled the new data from up until the 26th and it has been sorted and added to the Google Drive.
Tanusree discussed a new sorting method with me to determine high quality answers from low quality answers and it changed how I looked at the data significantly. However there were still some issues with using that new methodology. Or rather the new methodology exposed some issues with the response data.

For example, we discussed only keeping responses where the code review task took 5 minutes or more. The reason being that bot answers would likely be automated to just click through as fast a possible. Also legitimate participants who were trying to answer in good faith would likely take at least that long to look over the problem. However, after I sorted for that outcome that reduces our available responses to less than 200.

We also discussed using the average duration as a cutoff for high quality answers with the reasoning that a legitimate participant would spend more time considering their responses. However the average was 676 seconds and making that the cutoff would take us down to around 180 responses with all other criteria being the same. 

In the end I used the following criteria and end up with 205 responses:
* Taken from 7/12 onward
* Completed the survey
* Duration: 5 mins or longer.
* Years of smart contract experience: valid numerical or text description
* Open-Source resources used: text makes sense or is left blank
* Aware of security vulnerabilities: text makes sense or is left blank
* Imagine your dream tool: text makes sense or is left blank
* Code review tasks: if they answered Yes, they didn't answer No or N/A in the following fields

A continuing trend in the responses has been the issue of having blank responses for the code review questions. I think the fact that this survey is unsupervised in comparison to the previous survey having the interviewers present means that people are less likely to communicate their thoughts on the process of debugging the code.